# Truck Loading Demo

End User License Agreement
(UNRESTRICTED SOFTWARE)

IMPORTANT PLEASE READ CAREFULLY: This End User License Agreement (“EULA”) is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a company) (“Licensee”) and Zebra Technologies Corporation (“Zebra”) for Software, owned by Zebra and its affiliated companies and its third-party suppliers and licensors, that accompanies this EULA.  For purposes of this EULA, “Software” shall mean machine-readable instructions used by a processor to perform specific operations.  BY USING THE SOFTWARE, LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS EULA. IF LICENSEE DOES NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, LICENSEE MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.

1.      GRANT OF LICENSE. Zebra grants Licensee, the following rights provided that Licensee complies with all terms and conditions of this EULA: For Software provided with Zebra hardware, Zebra hereby grants Licensee a limited, personal, non-exclusive license during the term of this EULA to use the Software subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Only your employees or subcontractors may use the Software. You shall take all necessary steps to ensure that your employees and subcontractors abide by the terms of this Agreement. You shall use the Software only for your internal business purposes, exclusively to support the Zebra hardware, including the right to (i) use, modify, and incorporate all or portions of the sample source code (the “Sample Code”), runtime library files, and/or documentation files that may be included in the unmodified Software into Licensee’s own programs (the “User Programs”) to support the Zebra hardware exclusively, provided that no license is granted herein under any patents that may be infringed by Licensee’s modifications, derivative works or by other works in which any portion of the Software may be incorporated; (ii) distribute the Sample Code in object code format only as substantially modified or only as part of the User Programs to support the Zebra hardware exclusively; and (iii) distribute the runtime library files in their original form to support the Zebra hardware exclusively.  To the extent that non-device specific Software is provided to Licensee, Licensee may install, use, modify, and incorporate all or portions of any object code, available source code (“Source Code”), runtime library files, and/or documentation files that may be included with the unmodified Software into your own programs (the “User Programs”) and distribute the User Programs to third parties.  Any use of the Software outside of the conditions set forth herein is strictly prohibited and will be deemed a breach of this Agreement resulting in immediate termination of your License.  Zebra will be entitled to all available remedies at law or in equity (including immediate injunctive relief and repossession of all Software unless Licensee is a Federal agency of the United States Government).  Certain items of the Software may be subject to open source licenses. The open source license provisions may override some of the terms of this EULA. Zebra makes the applicable open source licenses available to Licensee on a Legal Notices readme file available on Licensee’s device and/or in System Reference guides or in Command Line Interface (CLI) reference guides associated with certain Zebra software or products.

2.      RESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP. Zebra and its suppliers and licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted to Licensee in this EULA. The Software is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaties. Zebra or its suppliers or licensors own the title, copyright and other intellectual property rights in the Software. The Software is licensed, not sold. Licensee understands and agrees that Zebra may license the Software or part of the Software from one or more third-party licensors and any such applicable third-party licensor is an intended third-party beneficiary to this EULA and any such third-party licensor and its successors and assigns may enforce any and all terms of this EULA, and nothing herein shall limit such third-party licensor’s legal or equitable rights (including injunctive relief), benefits, or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this EULA.

3.      LIMITATIONS ON END USER RIGHTS. Licensee shall not distribute, sublicense, rent, loan, lease, export, re-export, resell, ship or divert or cause to be exported, re-exported, resold, shipped or diverted, directly or indirectly, the unmodified Software under this Agreement. Licensee shall not, and shall not permit others to: (i) combine the Software including any Sample or Source Code, in whole or in part, with any Open Source Software having license terms and obligations that include copyleft obligations and/or intellectual property encumbrances; (ii) remove any proprietary notices, marks, labels, or logos from the Software; (iii) rent or transfer all or some of the Software to any other party without Zebra’s prior written consent; or (iv) utilize any computer software or hardware which is designed to defeat any copy protection device, should the Software be equipped with such a protection device.

4.      MACHINE DATA. “Machine Data” means usage data collected by software or devices sold (or licensed) under this EULA such as battery management (time to empty, standby current, average current), device system time, CPU processing load, application usage time, free RAM, number of running processes, network information (name, identifier), device identifier, firmware version, hardware version device type, audio volume, LED state, beeper volume, backlight level, key light, odometer count, reboot, reboot cause, total storage and memory availability, power cycle count, and device up time. Notwithstanding anything else in this EULA, all title and ownership rights in and to Machine Data are held by Zebra. In the event, and to the extent Licensee is deemed to have any ownership rights in Machine Data, Licensee hereby grants Zebra a limited, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use Machine Data.

5.      AGGREGATE DATA COLLECTION. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that Zebra may as permitted by law (a) collect, process, and use aggregated data, stored by or related to the Software, including, without limitation, data generated by the Software or data generated by any device incorporating the Software, and create anonymized and/or aggregated data records that do not allow Zebra to identify any natural person (“Aggregate Data”), (b) use such Aggregate Data to improve the Software, develop new software or services, understand industry trends, create and publish white papers, reports, or databases summarizing the foregoing, and generally for any legitimate purpose related to Zebra’s business, and (c) use Aggregate Data to investigate and help address and/or prevent actual or potential unlawful activity.

6.      LOCATION INFORMATION. The Software may enable Licensee to collect location-based data from one or more client devices which may allow Licensee to track the actual location of those client devices. Zebra specifically disclaims any liability for Licensee’s use or misuse of the location-based data. Licensee agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses of Zebra arising from or related to third-party claims resulting from Licensee’s use or misuse of the location-based data.

7.      PRIVACY. Zebra’s Privacy Policy (located at: https://www.zebra.com/us/en/about-zebra/company-information/legal/privacy-statement.html ), as amended from time to time, is hereby incorporated by reference into this EULA. If end users submit personal data to Zebra in connection with the use of Zebra hardware or Software, the ways in which Zebra collects and uses that data are regulated by Zebra’s Privacy Policy in accordance with applicable law. Zebra is committed to GDPR compliance and Zebra’s GDPR Addendum (located at: https://www.zebra.com/us/en/about-zebra/company-information/legal/gdpr.html ) supplements Zebra’s Privacy Policy to the extent personal data is provided to Zebra and the GDPR is applicable to the end user.

8.      SOFTWARE RELEASES.  Zebra may periodically release new versions of the Software which will be made available to Licensee.

9.      EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. Licensee acknowledges that the Software is subject to export restrictions of various countries. Licensee agrees to comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to the Software, including all the applicable export restriction laws and regulations.

10.   ASSIGNMENT. Licensee may not assign this EULA or any of Licensee’s rights or obligations hereunder (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of Zebra. Zebra may assign this EULA and its rights and obligations without Licensee’s consent. Subject to the foregoing, this EULA shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties to it and their respective legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

11.   TERMINATION. This EULA is effective until terminated. Licensee’s rights under this EULA will terminate automatically without notice from Zebra if Licensee fails to comply with any of the terms and conditions of this EULA. Zebra may terminate this EULA by offering Licensee a superseding agreement for the Software or for any new release of the Software and conditioning Licensee’s continued use of the Software or such new release on Licensee’s acceptance of such superseding agreement. Upon termination of this EULA, Licensee must cease all use of the Software and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Software.

12.   DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. UNLESS SEPARATELY STATED IN A WRITTEN EXPRESS LIMITED WARRANTY, ALL SOFTWARE PROVIDED BY ZEBRA IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND ON AN “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND FROM ZEBRA, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, ZEBRA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, RELIABILITY OR AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, LACK OF VIRUSES, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS OR OTHER VIOLATION OF RIGHTS. ZEBRA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE SOFTWARE COVERED BY THIS EULA INCLUDES EMULATION LIBRARIES, SUCH EMULATION LIBRARIES DO NOT WORK 100% CORRECTLY OR COVER 100% OF THE FUNCTIONALITY BEING EMULATED, ARE OFFERED “AS IS” AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND ALL THE DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH AND THIS EULA APPLY TO SUCH EMULATION LIBRARIES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO LICENSEE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY LICENSEE FROM ZEBRA OR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE DEEMED TO ALTER THIS DISCLAIMER BY ZEBRA OF WARRANTY REGARDING THE SOFTWARE, OR TO CREATE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY SORT FROM ZEBRA.

13.   THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS. Certain third-party applications may be included with or downloaded with this Software. Zebra makes no representations whatsoever about any of these applications. Since Zebra has no control over such applications, Licensee acknowledges and agrees that Zebra is not responsible for such applications. Licensee expressly acknowledges and agrees that use of third-party applications is at Licensee’s sole risk and that the entire risk of unsatisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort is with Licensee. Licensee agrees that Zebra shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss, including but not limited to any damage to or loss of data, caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, use of or reliance on any such third-party content, products, or services available on or through any such application. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the use of any third-party application is governed by such third-party application provider's Terms of Use, License Agreement, Privacy Policy, or other such agreement and that any information or personal data Licensee provides, whether knowingly or unknowingly, to such third-party application provider, will be subject to such third-party application provider's privacy policy, if such a policy exists. ZEBRA DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OR ANY OTHER PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD-PARTY APPLICATION PROVIDER. ZEBRA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY REGARDING WHETHER LICENSEE’S PERSONAL INFORMATION IS CAPTURED BY ANY THIRD-PARTY APPLICATION PROVIDER OR THE USE TO WHICH SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PUT BY SUCH THIRD-PARTY APPLICATION PROVIDER.

14.   LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. ZEBRA WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR ANY THIRD-PARTY APPLICATION, ITS CONTENT OR FUNCTIONALITY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RELATED TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DEFECTS, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, FAILURE TO CONNECT, NETWORK CHARGES, IN-APP PURCHASES, AND ALL OTHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN IF ZEBRA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO LICENSEE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, ZEBRA’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO LICENSEE FOR ALL LOSSES, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THOSE BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF LICENSEE’S USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS, OR ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS EULA, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF THE SOFTWARE LICENSE OR AMOUNT PURCHASER PAID SPECIFICALLY FOR THE SOFTWARE LICENSE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS, AND DISCLAIMERS (INCLUDING SECTIONS 11, 12, 13, 14 AND 18) SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

15.   INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. Licensee acknowledges that, in the event Licensee breaches any provision of this EULA, Zebra will not have an adequate remedy in money or damages. Zebra shall therefore be entitled to seek to obtain an injunction against such breach from any court of competent jurisdiction immediately upon request without posting bond. Zebra's right to obtain injunctive relief shall not limit its right to seek further remedies.

16.   MODIFICATION. No modification of this EULA shall be binding unless it is in writing and is signed by an authorized representative of the party against whom enforcement of the modification is sought. Continued usage of the Software shall, following modification to the updated EULA, constitute consent to be bound by the updated terms.

17.   U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS RESTRICTED RIGHTS. This provision only applies to U.S. Government end users. The Software is a “commercial item” as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. Part 2.101, consisting of “commercial computer software” and “computer software documentation” as such terms are defined in 48 C.F.R. Part 252.227-7014(a)(1) and 48 C.F.R. Part 252.227-7014(a)(5), and used in 48 C.F.R. Part 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. Part 227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. Part 12.212, 48 C.F.R. Part 252.227-7015, 48 C.F.R. Part 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, 48 C.F.R. Part 52.227-19, and other relevant sections of the Code of Federal Regulations, as applicable, the Software is distributed and licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as a commercial item, and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions contained herein.

18.   APPLICABLE LAW. This EULA is governed by the laws of the state of Illinois, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. This EULA shall not be governed by the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.